I'm going to create a short little video
here on how to clean your Shark
Navigator vacuum cleaner for best
efficiency first what you want to do is
take out the canister by pushing this
button right here canister comes off in
a trash bag you go and push the purple
button down here to empty it which
everyone should know how to do that that
empties the main no condemn some thread
okay that's what everyone does
now comes the trickier part you pushed
by in here open that up you take this
top canister out and then there's a red
button over here you push that to
release the bottom open that up it's
hinged and this is the part that you
need to rinse out in the sink if you
look at it sometimes they'll collect a
lot of dust in there if you do in a lot
of dusty environments and then after
you're let's see we can rinse it off in
the sink and then what you do is you let
it dry and put it back together you just
snap that in there put this just drop it
back in there it doesn't have to go in
any direction close it back up and make
sure that this locks second place and
then the other part that you can clean
is right here on this filter there's two
or three of them there's a couple of
them in here so just make sure that
they're clean if it looks like it's
dusty and dirty you can also rinse that
out the sink maybe use a little soap and
water with it
wring it out let it dry completely
before put it back in then once it's
back in there everything is dry put it
back in place snap it in and you're
ready to go
okay